Welcome back everyone.
So now that we've actually built out our payment route we need to write the code on our clients site
striped button component to make a request using the token we get back to that new route that we made
so that our route can be actually tested to see whether or not it's making that stripe call or not now
inside of our root folder.
We're going to run yarn dev so that we can actually start.
Both are back in server as well as our client application then what we're gonna do is inside of our
folder we're gonna see into our clients and I'm gonna have you add in a new library called axioms.
Now we're already very familiar with using fetch the native fetch that we get from the Web i.e. the
browser is a fetch that is really useful when we need to make a quick request to an API for something
but it starts to get more cumbersome to use when we start to need to make more complex requests and
access is a library that's very popular amongst many front end developers.
So this is actually a really cool tool that I think is a great time for me to teach you because there
is a high likelihood that you'll come across a use case where the project you join is using axes and
axes actually makes it much easier for us to make post requests as well.
So what you're going to do is just yarn at access inside of the client folder because as we now know
we have two separate projects with two separate different dependency libraries inside of their packages.
So the client holds all of the dependencies and code for our front end application and our root folder
holds all the code for our back end application.
So that's why you got to see this into the client and add axioms because the access is a library we
want to leverage on the front end and once we've added access what you can do is just go back to your
code and navigate to your stripe button component now inside of the stripe button component the code
that we're going to modify.
Is this on token function that we wrote the on token function is the function that we pass to this token
property in our strike check out.
And it does something with the token object once we get it back from our stripe checkout.
Now what we're gonna do is we're actually going to make a request to our new payment route passing in
the token because as we know this payment route is expecting the token the I.D. and the amount object.
So using those two things is what we're gonna pass using axes now in order to make this post request
with axes we've got to first bring it in.
So we'll just import axioms from axioms and then what we're going to do instead of this console log
is we're gonna say axioms and axioms is a function that receives an object that has all of the actual
properties that we want to pass in order for access to know what kind of request we're trying to make
and what it will give us back as a promise.
But first with this object we're gonna say that the you or L that we're trying to go to is payment and
access it will automatically know that we're probably trying to make a request to our own to slash payment
route which is what we set up in our server yes so it's gonna use whatever you are our currently at
and then a pen slash payment at the end of it and make this request to it.
So that's why it's also really easy.
We then pass a method property to let it know that it's a post method and then the data represents the
actual data we're trying to pass through.
Now the amount is going to go to the price for stripe that we have declared here and then the token
is going to be the token so we're passing through the token object as the token.
And that pretty much is all our request is it's just that you are all the method that is going to be
and then the data we want to pass to it.
And this now matches all of the things that we are expecting on our server rep.
So now what we're gonna do is we are going to actually check what kind of response we get that so if
it's successful we know that from our payment route we're going to send back a stripe response.
And then if it's an error we're going to send back the stripe error.
So we're going to handle each case accordingly.
Now if it's successful then what we want to do is we want to alert the user that the payment was successful.
Now what we want to do if it fails is we want to catch with an error and then what we want to say is
we just want to log out that there was some payment error and this is more for us than for the actual
user because if we're debugging the user doesn't really need to know what kind of error we got.
But it's easier for us to bug with this console log and then what we do want to alert the actual user
is that there was an issue with your payment please make sure you use the provided club credit card
so the reason why we want to say this is because it's very likely the issue that they had was that they
used a credit card that stripe didn't recognize.
So what we want to make sure they use is that test credit card we have inside of our checkout page.
So this just reminds them or it gives them a hint as to why their might have failed.
Now one thing to note if you actually don't want to use axes and you want to use the native fetch it's
very easy to do so you just have to follow the configuration options that are available inside of the
fetch documentation.
I will link that specific part of the documentation inside of our resources but I personally prefer
to use access in most of my projects.
So this is a good library and the actual documentation is also pretty easy to follow.
I'm also going to link that in the resources as well.
If you're more curious about access but passing through the actual data is the most important thing
we want to pass the amount and we want to pass this token that we get back from the strike checkout.
Now inside of our server code we are expecting that body to have the amount and the token which is what
we use to pass to our stripe charge I actually have a small little typo here that in case you do as
well make sure that the error has a capital E..
So just a quick thing to note I actually just noticed that but with that we are now able to test whether
or not our stripe checkout now fully works and makes a charge.
So let's go back to our application and here inside of my checkout I actually have a bunch of items
so now that I have all this stuff let's try and pay it.
Now I'm just going to autocomplete this information.
I am going to use that fake credit card that we have and then I'm going to hit the pay now and hopefully
as long as we don't get an error we see that our payment was successful and if we go to our dashboard
in fact we see that we just got this new charge today and instead of payments we'll see that instead
of our succeeded.
This was the recent charge that was just made.
Now you'll notice that there was this other one I actually made another charge earlier today but just
ignore this one.
This is the successful one that was just made just now.
So as we can see all of our code is working.
So that's really really good because now we've actually completed the full stripe payment process and
charge process using some back end server as well as rounded out what we need to do on our front end
in order to fully complete this charge.
So hopefully with this everything made sense if this was confusing I know it was a lot of new back and
stuff that we had to learn about how to write but what this more practice will definitely help but really
at least from a high level if you understand what it was that was happening that we were writing with
the back end that's really good as well because a lot of the back end code you might just sometimes
have to read in order to understand how you interface with an API like this as well as what it does
when you're actually on a real full stack project.
So now that we have a back end as well as a front end we need to push up on to Heroku in order for Heroku
to now serve our application with both our back end and our front end code.
So let's do that in the next lesson.